Rewrite onboarding flow (#126)
konflux-ci/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/creating.adoc

Before being able to onboard a component to {ProductName}, you will need to ensure that the instance has appropriate access to the git repository. This means either installing your organization’s {ProductName} GitHub App on the source code repository or xref:/how-tos/configuring/creating-secrets.adoc#creating-source-control-secrets[create a secret] to enable access to a GitLab repository.

=== With the UI
.Prerequisites:

* xref:/advanced-how-tos/installing/enabling-builds.adoc[Enabled] build pipelines for your instance of {ProductName}.
* xref:/advanced-how-tos/installing/enabling-builds.adoc#enable-image-controller[Enabled] image controller for your instance of {ProductName}.

==== Create initial Application and Component
.*Procedures*

. In the {ProductName} UI, go to the *Applications* page.
. Click the *Create application button.
. Enter a name for the application
. Click the *Add a component* button.
  . Enter the URL for the git repository.
  . (Optional) After clicking out of the repository URL, expand the *Show advanced Git options*.
    . Enter the branch, tag or commit reference to the *Git reference* dialogue.

>     . Enter the path to the context directory if it all content is contained somewhere other than the repository root.

Reviewer: I think there's a typo in this line. Maybe:
```suggestion
    . Enter the path to the context directory if its content is contained somewhere other than the repository root.
```

>   . Enter the path to the Dockerfile within the git repository. This will be the path within the context directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  . Enter the path to the Dockerfile within the git repository. This will be the path within the context directory.
```

  . (Optional) Click on *Add secret* to add a secret which will be needed for the component build. See xref:/how-tos/configuring/creating-secrets.adoc[creating secrets] for more information.
. Click *Create application*.

+
NOTE: GitHub and GitLab are supported source control providers. GitLab support requires the configuration of xref:/how-tos/configuring/creating-secrets.adoc#creating-source-control-secrets[source control secrets].

==== Create additional Components in an Application

.*Procedures*

. In the {ProductName} UI, go to the *Applications* page.
. Click on the name of the application that you want to add a component to.
. Click on *Actions* and *Add component*.
. Follow the procedure above for specifying the component.
. Click *Add component*.

=== With the CLI

.Prerequisites:

* xref:/advanced-how-tos/installing/enabling-builds.adoc[Enabled] build pipelines for your instance of {ProductName}.
* link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/[kubectl] CLI tool
* You have completed the steps listed in the xref:/getting-started/cli.adoc[Getting started in the CLI] page.

.*Procedures*

> . Create a `ApplicationComponent.yaml` file locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create an `ApplicationComponent.yaml` file locally.
```

  annotations:
    application.thumbnail: "1"
spec:
  displayName: <application-name>
---
apiVersion: appstudio.redhat.com/v1alpha1
kind: Component <.>
metadata:
  name: <component-name>
  namespace: <namespace>
  annotations:
    build.appstudio.openshift.io/request: configure-pac
    build.appstudio.openshift.io/pipeline: '{"name":"<name-of-the-pipeline-to-use>","bundle":"latest"}' <.>
spec:
  application: <owning-application-name> <.>
  componentName: <component-name>
  source:
    git:
      url: https://github.com/konflux-ci/testrepo.git <.>
      revision: main <.>
      context: ./ <.>
      dockerfileUrl: Containerfile <.>
  containerImage: <oci-repository-to-push-image-to> <.> 
---
apiVersion: appstudio.redhat.com/v1alpha1
kind: ImageRepository <.>
metadata:
  annotations:
    image-controller.appstudio.redhat.com/update-component-image: true
  name: imagerepository-for-<application-name>-<component-name>
  namespace: <namespace>
  labels:
    appstudio.redhat.com/application: <application-name>
    appstudio.redhat.com/component: <component-name> 
spec:
  image:
    name: <namespace>/<application-name>/<component-name>
    visibility: public <.>
--

+

> <.> At least one application should be created. Multiple applications can be created by adding additional CR specifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<.> At least one application should be created. Multiple applications can be created by adding additional CR specifications.
```

> <.> A component is required to map to a git repository to build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<.> A component is required to map to a git repository to build.
```
